Project Name: Client Project Dashboard

1. What this project is and why it exists:
This is an internal web application designed for an IT Consultancy firm. It serves as a centralized dashboard for managers and consultants to track ongoing, completed, and paused client projects. It provides a quick overview of critical details like project names, clients, status, deadlines, and progress percentages.

2. What role a Technical Consultant plays and why they build this:
A Technical Consultant advises clients on technology strategies and often builds tools to improve operational efficiency. They build this dashboard to solve the problem of fragmented project tracking (e.g., using disparate Excel sheets), thereby enabling better resource allocation, status reporting, and timely delivery of consulting services.

3. How the 3 layers (React/Bun, Spring Boot, H2) connect to each other:
- Frontend (React + Vite + Bun): This is the user interface. It runs in the browser and makes HTTP requests to fetch or modify data.
- Backend (Spring Boot + Java 17): This acts as the middleman (API Layer). It receives requests from the frontend, processes business logic, and interacts with the database.
- Database (H2): This is an in-memory database used for storing project data. Spring Boot queries H2 to retrieve or update records, then sends the result back to the frontend.

4. What Jenkins CI/CD does and why it matters for consultancy delivery:
Jenkins Continuous Integration / Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) automates the process of building, testing, and deploying the application. For a consultancy, this ensures that every code change is automatically verified against tests and packaged for deployment, reducing manual errors, accelerating delivery speed to clients, and ensuring high software quality.

5. Key Java OOPs concepts used:
- Encapsulation: The `Project` entity hides its internal fields (id, name, etc.) and exposes them via getter and setter methods.
- Abstraction: The `ProjectRepository` interface extends `JpaRepository`, abstracting away complex database connection and querying logic.
- Inheritance/Polymorphism: The controllers return standardized `ResponseEntity` objects via polymorphic methods like `.ok()` or `.notFound()`.

6. How to run the project locally:
First, ensure you have Java 17, Maven, and Bun installed.

Backend:
1. Open a terminal.
2. Navigate to the backend directory: 
   cd backend
3. Run the Spring Boot application: 
   .\run.ps1
   or
   .\apache-maven-3.9.6\bin\mvn.cmd spring-boot:run

Frontend:
1. Open a new terminal.
2. Navigate to the frontend directory: 
   cd frontend
3. Install dependencies using bun: 
   bun install
4. Run the development server: 
   bun run dev

7. How to trigger the Jenkins pipeline:
1. Push this code to a Git repository linked to your Jenkins server.
2. In Jenkins, create a new "Pipeline" job and point it to the repository.
3. Click "Build Now" in Jenkins to trigger the pipeline. It will execute the steps defined in the Jenkinsfile (Checkout -> Build Backend -> Test -> Build Frontend -> Deploy).
